---
title:  "Zeik"
subtitle: "PC"
author: "zeik"
category: character
---

| Appearance  |
| ------ | ----------- |
| Pronouns   | They / Them / Theirs |
| Race  | Dragonborn |
| Eyes   | Green-gold |
| Hair | Light green |

### Appearance
Zeik is a silver dragonborn with green-gold eyes and light green hair running like a mane down their neck. They have a pair of dark green-gray horns running back from their head. They hold themselves high and attempts to have an air of importance, usually failing.


### Description
Zeik was born into a noble family in a dragonborn society. There they grew up with dragonborn ideals and culture. However they often felt out of place, and despite trying their best to bring honor to their clan they often times ended up being a humiliation. They started to long to learn about far away places and dreamed of adventuring due to the restrictions their family placed on them. One day their village was attacked by dragons. Zeik watched their clan burn to the ground as loved ones screamed in agony. In an instant, everything they had known and cared about was gone. As Zeik managed to escape, they watched the dragons circling above with new found hatred. They ended up in the small town of Greenest where they were placed in an orphanage. There they felt more lost than ever. Eventually they made friends with Reed and Mida who were also orphans. They learned to look after one another and Zeik came to consider them their new clan. As Zeik grew older they never forgot how the dragons took everything from them, even their hope and happiness for some time. As Zeik battled against this despair they recalled a goddess whom they learned of when they were young. Lliira the goddess of joy filled Zeik with a new found hope and purpose. They began to dream of a world rid of darkness with only the light of joy to fill everyone’s hearts. They became a devout follower and worked to become a paladin for Lliira. Zeik felt transformed, no longer skulking they strived to help everyone they could to find the joy in their lives. Despite their seeking of joy, Zeik never forgave the dragons that destroyed their own home and kept a personal grudge against all dragon kind into adulthood. As Zeik finally became a paladin they swore their vows with excitement and became determined to do their best.


### Description
Zeik was enjoying a celebratory night at the bar with Reed when Mida returned to Greenest. While they were all talking a commotion suddenly started as the own came under siege. They all hurried to help people get to the fort. As they did they discovered they were being looted by cultists and kobolds. They were introduced to Tiff a tiefling. After interrogating a kobold they learned that the cult was worshipping Tiamat and that there was a clutch they were taking care of. After doing a few rescue missions they saw a dragon attacking the fort. They rushed to the top as quickly as they could but Reed and Tiff could not bring themselves to enter onto the roof. Zeik, fueled by seething rage, pressed themselves forward to face the dragon. Mida hung back, watching as Zeik attempted to talk the dragon into leaving. The dragon agreed to leave only if Zeik would accept  mysterious ring, transforming into a man to give it to them. Thinking only of their ravaged town Zeik accepted, and put it on. They instantly blacked out as the dragon flew away. Waking up confused, Zeik and the others continued to clear out the town and begin cleaning up. The next day Zeik focused on giving a sermon to the people to lift their spirits as best they could. After meeting up with Reed and Mida in the bar, Mida made a passing comment to Zeik. They suddenly became filled with unimaginable and overwhelming fury, turning to punch Mida as he left. Landing the hit square on his back Mida crumpled to the ground, dead. After standing in horror for a few moments Zeik rushed to revive him, but couldn’t bring themselves to admit what happened. Shocked at themselves Zeik sought the cleric for guidance. After being reassured they continued on.  
